Update building-a-unity-app.md (#2111)
codemagic-ci-cd/codemagic-docs: content/yaml-quick-start/building-a-unity-app.md

11. In the **Configuration** section set **Scripting Backend** to `IL2CPP`.
12. In the **Target Architectures** section check **ARMv7** and **ARM64** to support 64-bit architectures so the app is compliant with the Google Play 64-bit requirement.

#### Add a custom base Gradle template **(Only for Unity Versions older than Unity 2022)**
You will need to add custom Gradle templates so your Android builds work with Codemagic.

> We need to perform this action due to the prior inclusion of a reference to **jcenter()** a repository that had been deprecated and proven to be unreliable, despite its intended read-only status. As a remedy, we replaced this reference with **mavenCentral()**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We need to perform this action due to the prior inclusion of a reference to **jcenter()** a repository that had been deprecated and proven to be unreliable, despite its intended read-only status. As a remedy, you should replace the reference to **jcenter()** with **mavenCentral()**.
```

> Begin by installing various local versions. Next, set up a mobile project tailored for Android. Go to **File > Build Settings** and ensure you select **Development Build** and **Export Project** before exporting the project. Afterward, navigate to the **Export** option on the Build Settings screen and proceed by clicking the **Export** button to save the project in a designated folder. Finally, review the output to inspect the **build.gradle** file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have set up an Android mobile project on your local machine go to **File > Build Settings** and ensure you select **Development Build** and **Export Project** before exporting the project. 

Afterward, navigate to the **Export** option on the Build Settings screen and proceed by clicking the **Export** button to save the project in a designated folder. 

Finally, review the output to inspect the **build.gradle**. Replace the reference to **jcenter()** with **mavenCentral()** and use it as the base Gradle Template as discussed in the following steps.
```
